# Git Compatibility

# Iteration 1
For this iteration of Git Compatibility we are introducing the basic features of our program. We implemented a welcome interface that greets the user and asks for the user's name. Once the program has the users name, an activity menu will be displayed that offers the user several options of features of our program. We have an option for a horoscope that will take in the user's birthday and give the user their astrological sign and a general horoscope. The input will request the user's birth month first and will then request the birth day. Another option we have created is a compatibility calcultor which currently allows the user to enter the birthday of another person and will return whether or not the user's astrological sign is compatible with the other person's astrological sign.The last option that we have implemented is for the user to take a quiz. If the user selects quizzes, they will be prompted with a yes or no questions and the quiz will give a response based on the answers. The user is able to return to the main menu by typing "back". 
For the next iteration we are planning to introduce unique horoscopes for each of the signs. We are planning to introduce multiple quizzes that the user can select from. The quiz results will be able to be saved and stored for the future viewing of the user. The user will be able to view characteristics of their astrological sign. We also want to give the user a way to quit the program by typing in "quit".
What doesn't work we currently have a getElement method that returns the astrological sign element based on the birth date. This is not currently used for anything as we hope to include it in the sign characteristics for the next iteration.

# Iteration 2
For Iteration 2, we have added new features to our program and expanded on the existing features. For the quiz activity, we expanded the "study spot quiz" and added 2 new quiz options as well as a quiz menu that displays all available quizzes and allows a user to choose which one they want to take. We expanded the capabilties of the horoscope activity, too. Now, a user is able to get a unique daily horoscope, as well as the characteristics specific to their sign. We have also added the ability for a user to quit the program from the main activity menu. Additionally, we added a new feature to the activity menu that allows the user to view all of their information, such as their name, horoscope information, and results from the quizzes they have taken. We are still working on completing this feature, so while you can try it out, it will not show accurate information.
Next iteration, we are planning to add the ability to save quiz results and horoscope information for a user. We will also add more questions to the 2 new quizzes. 
